lib: nrf_modem: add modem trace flash backend (#10199)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/modem/nrf_modem_lib.rst

The application can use the :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_level_set` function to set the desired trace level.
Passing ``NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_LEVEL_OFF`` to the :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_level_set` function disables trace output.

.. note::

>    The current trace level is stored in the modem on ``AT+CFUN=0``.

Author: I don't think it is correct to use the `AT+CFUN=0` command to store the trace level. It is more something that occur when CFUN=0 is called.  I'll rewrite this.

>    The current trace level is stored in the modem on ``AT+CFUN=0``.

Reviewer: What `AT+CFUN=0` does is to persist the current config in the modem, so it will use the same setting after a reboot. The modem will also persist the config on a fixed interval, but I don't remember how many hours between each time.

The application can use the :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_level_set` function to set the desired trace level.
Passing ``NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_LEVEL_OFF`` to the :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_level_set` function disables trace output.

.. note::

>    The current trace level is stored upon ``AT+CFUN=0``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The modem stores the current trace level on passing the ``AT+CFUN=0`` command.
```

>    If the modem is shut down gracefully before the next boot (by using ``AT+CFUN=0``), it stores the current trace level.

Reviewer 3: Saying that `AT+CFUN=0` shuts down the modem is a bit misleading and I would avoid this terminology here. The modem is powered on and some functionality is available after `AT+CFUN=0`. 
I would just say that the trace level is saved upon `AT+CFUN=0`.

Author: True, this was taken from `nrf91_features.rst`. I will update this.

>    If the trace level stored in the modem is ``NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_LEVEL_OFF``, the application must enable traces in the modem using the :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_level_set` function or by enabling any of the Kconfig options mentioned in step 2.

Reviewer 4: Is this the best way to refer to a step (step 2)? It just won't be updated if there are more steps.
@divipillai

>    If the trace level stored in the modem is ``NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_LEVEL_OFF``, the application must enable traces in the modem using the :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_level_set` function or by enabling any of the Kconfig options mentioned in step 2.

Reviewer 2: To refer a step, we normally provide in this manner. For example, https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/app_dev/wifi_coex/index.html#enabling-wi-fi-coexistence.
But in this case we could add this label after line no:96: 
.. _trace_level_options:
and then here, add the following suggestion, so that it is linked to those options:
```suggestion
   If the trace level stored in the modem is ``NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_LEVEL_OFF``, the application must enable traces in the modem using the :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_level_set` function or by enabling any of the :ref:`aforementioned Kconfig options <trace_level_options>`.
```

Author: ok, I've updated the doc with the suggestion.

>    If the trace level stored in the modem is ``NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_LEVEL_OFF``, to receive ned traces the application must enable traces in the modem using the :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_level_set` function or by enabling any of the Kconfig options mentioned in step 2.

Reviewer 3: `to receive ned traces`?

Author: removed.

   If the trace level stored in the modem is ``NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_LEVEL_OFF``, the application must enable traces in the modem using the :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_level_set` function or by enabling any of the :ref:`aforementioned Kconfig options <trace_level_options>`.

During tracing, the integration layer ensures that modem traces are always flushed before the Modem library is re-initialized (including when the modem has crashed).
The application can synchronize with the flushing of modem traces by calling the :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_processing_done_wait` function.

For trace backends that support storing of trace data, the application can be notified using the :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_callback` function if the trace storage becomes full.
The :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_callback` must be defined in the application if the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_TRACE_FLASH_NOSPACE_SIGNAL` Kconfig option is enabled.
In this case, the application is responsible for reading the trace data with the :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_read` function if required, before clearing the trace backend storage by calling the :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_clear` function.

> It is not necessary to turn off modem tracing in this case. However, it is expected that the modem will drop traces when the backend becomes full.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is not necessary to turn off modem tracing.
However, it is expected that the modem will drop traces when the backend becomes full.
```
